Initial pass integrating docs - as well as creating a main LND guide (#142)
Start9Labs/lnd-startos: docs/wallet-integrations/fully-noded.md

# LND - Fully Noded

Sovereign, secure, powerful, and easy-to-use wallet that utilizes your own LND node as a backend.

Available For:

- iOS
- macOS

1. Download Fully Noded from the Apple App Store.

> 1. Log into your Start9 server UI and select Services -> LND and find the Interfaces section, then open the settings for `REST LND Connect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into your StartOS server UI and select Services -> LND and find the Interfaces section, then select the gear icon on the right-hand side of the screen for `REST LND Connect`.
```

> 1. Click the QR code icon next to the REST LND Connect interface you wish to use to display the QR code, then scan/copy this with your iPhone/mac.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the QR code icon next to the REST LND Connect interface you wish to connect with to display the QR code, then scan/copy this with your iPhone/mac.
```
